When Logged in
Search in user right needs to search there, not take them to a new part of the app.
When searching a podcast we don’t have, it currently says - No results for "almost”, it needs to say something like we currently don’t have that podcast in our system, but click the following button to request it and we’ll review. And in the meantime, check out these podcasts, etc.
Podcasts to follow in right hand vcolumn shouldn’t truncate the podcast name unless crazy long.
For the hook for each podcast, we need to use whatever we’re using in the emails we send recaps to customers, it’s very short, like a hook like - How one food critic fought for his life - use whatever we use in the emails, or however we produce those.
Don’t make any of the following clickable - Dr. Jill Bolte Taylor: The 4 Brain Characters That Transform Habits and Critical Thinking | Human Behavior | E390
1d ago
Dr. Jill Bolte Taylor discusses her experience with a stroke that led to insights about the brain's four characters, which shape thoughts, emotions, habits, and decisions. She emphasizes the importance of understanding and balancing these to optimize one's life and business strategies.
Bookmarking an episode isn’t working, produces an error
In shop - when viewing All - Its showing the same books on line 2, as line 1
When already following a podcast, we shouldn’t say “unfollow” as a big button, it should be like three little dots that opens up when you click and has the option to unfollow.
We’re missing spotify and apple listen logos up in the top of each episode card in the feed.
On the feed can you make the artwork a little bigger.
Top right hand search, the search box should just say Search
Can you downgrade hiderekjohnson@gmail.com to a free account, remove Pulse Pro
In discover, add “All” button to the left of “AI” then remove all this stuff below - For You
Industries
Interests
Roles
Lists based on podcasts you follow


Entrepreneurs & Side Hustlers
14 podcasts · 5 following

Entrepreneurship, bootstrapping, side projects, and indie hacking

My First Million
Entrepreneurs on Fire
The Side Hustle Show
Tropical MBA: Entrepreneurship & Founder Lifestyle
Startups For the Rest of Us
+9

Self Improvement
11 podcasts · 6 following

Personal growth, mindset shifts, and becoming your best self

The Mel Robbins Podcast
Tom Bilyeu's Impact Theory
The Diary Of A CEO with Steven Bartlett
The Daily Stoic
The Jordan Harbinger Show
+6

Venture Capital
12 podcasts · 4 following

Inside the world of startup funding, VC strategy, and deal-making

The Twenty Minute VC (20VC): Venture Capital | Startup Funding | The Pitch
Acquired
All-In with Chamath, Jason, Sacks & Friedberg
Equity
My First Million
+7

Leadership & Management
11 podcasts · 1 following

Leadership development, team building, and organizational management

HBR IdeaCast
Coaching for Leaders
At The Table with Patrick Lencioni
Dare to Lead with Brené Brown
Worklife with Adam Grant
+6

Health & Longevity
8 podcasts · 2 following

Science-backed health optimization, nutrition, and longevity research

Huberman Lab
FoundMyFitness
House Call With Dr. Hyman
The Ultimate Human with Gary Brecka
The Model Health Show
+3

Productivity
8 podcasts · 2 following

Time management, deep work, systems for getting more done

Deep Questions with Cal Newport
The Tim Ferriss Show
The Life Coach School Podcast
The Mel Robbins Podcast
high-performance-podcast
+3

Future of Work
9 podcasts · 1 following

How work is evolving with remote, AI, and organizational change

Worklife with Adam Grant
HBR IdeaCast
The McKinsey Podcast
Lenny's Podcast: Product | Career | Growth
Masters of Scale
+4

Science & Curiosity
9 podcasts · 1 following

Deep dives into science, the universe, and how things work

StarTalk Radio
infinite-monkey-cage
In Our Time
Stuff You Should Know
skeptics-guide-to-the-universe
+4