Yeah, because right now it says "Featured on Will Smith, Tim Ferriss, Steve Bartlett", so we need to say "Featured on top podcasts like X, Y, and Z", and let's put the artwork and everything so it looks really good, and then link to those podcasts. We need to say "Mentioned by", "Praised by", or "Recommended by", and then Will Smith, Tim Ferriss, Steve Bartlett, but let's use their images and their names. You can click on those people to go to their people pages to make it interesting. Listen on Audible; it seems to work, but it's still searching. Is there a way that we can link directly to the Audible page on first mentioned and last mentioned? I think we need to make it clear, like on podcast or something like on an episode, yeah, on podcast three podcast mentions. Let's remove the podcast score, as I don't know what that really is.  
  
Extreme ownership by Jocko Willink and Leif Babin. I think what we need to do is remove the byline and then put that more down in the main thing. Put images of them, like authors, and put the images, and then eventually we will link from those names and images to their people pages. Let's make it more clear, because this is such a new concept, like podcast mentions. We need to make it clear, maybe a subtext or something where it's like, "This book has been mentioned on the following podcast", because podcast mentions, they're just gonna be confused. Maybe we put a section for SEO called something along the lines of "Why this book", and then be like, "Podcasters, especially in the business field, love this book for X, Y, and Z", to give a little more context. The page has to be more valuable than just an Amazon page that just puts the info of the book when you tie it into the podcaster. It needs to be very clear on the page, the features and functionality of that page, that it's specific to podcasting and that it's recommended by podcasters or talked about by podcasters.  
  
At the very bottom, we need to have similar books or something. Other podcast listeners chose these books or similar books and list out three to five books or something, so that'll be like internal linking. Again, just make sure that the people that mention it have icons and everything. Our internal linking, I don't think we'll want to use companies, because that doesn't really have anything to do with books, not much.